It seems that the Qin family is just like this
Sacrificing a woman to please and Raj
What's the difference between you and Reich and scum?
Boss and kidnapper
Dare to question the city of our Qin family
A mere Qin family is not bad enough
What's there to do?
Get your dirty hands off Fang
Don't you know?
Your master is a strange man in the mountains
You are also quite capable
But the Lei family is not something you can do
Now Lei's family is like the Kunlun system
Holding an artifact of power
It's no use if you can wait.
All murder
No need to complain
Today you wounded Lei Zhao
Even if you run to the ends of the earth, it's a dead end
If you don't hide your ears
I'll give you some money.
You go abroad now
Maybe there's still a chance
Otherwise, let the Lei family react
You can't even leave if you want to.
We'll see won't we.
Look at the Lei family
It's better if you want to die than if you want to die
Don't implicate us
Lin Yue, you'd better leave quickly
The power of your Lei family
Even the rest of us can't be optimistic about it.
Even if our Jiangnan Su friends are together
It may not be able to protect you
I'm not one to abandon my wife and children
Bastard, how many did you pack to sleep?